
The randomizer for number of factions on the world generator is broken or at least inconsistent wit what you select.
I select 0-20 and during twenty different world generation attempts, it generats only three or four factions.
If I raise the faction limit to minimum of 7, it always generates 7 factions.
If I raise the faction limit to minimum of 20 it only generates 16.

I'm noticing that when I start a randomized scenario, if there is a permanent event, like a permanent blood rain, or a permanent flash storm, they don't actually spawn on the initial map, but if I pick up my colony and resettle it then the permanent conditions are present.

If you make map once, you need to restart rimworld to make another map. otherwise keep failing to make a new map whatever you do.

This mod strangely conflicts with the rimfridge continued mod SPECIFICALLY when generating a map with snow on it for some reason... It gets stuck in map generation with errors on snow and fog of war generating?

another suggestion is a world tech limit compatibility

Very mild bug/ incompatibility with the Wild Men start with Vanilla Expanded: Tribals (I also have Progression Core but not sure if that affects things).
Without Random Start after selecting your map in VE:tribals the ideology screen doesn't generate your colony's Ideology and instead says "customise NPC ideologies". During gameplay, After you finish the final "animal tech" research (Culture) you get to create your own ideology.
Using Random Start it seems to auto generate a starting ideology like any other start, meaning your pawns have an ideology before they are supposed to, then when you research culture you get to make a new one and the old one exists in the world somewhere.
My current work-around is to create a custom ideology with no rituals or specialists and no minimum clothing preferences, and set that as the default for Random Start. Works for the most part but I still have to deal with certainty mechanics and food/apparel rules being ideology based.


So, do caves from Biomes!! Caverns work or not? Never got an answer, just tried another rando start and AGAIN no caves at all. Really disappointing because I LOVE the random start.
allow changing of biome ratios


one of my all time favourites, but i feel like it doesnt randomize the xenotype of colonists properly, like they usually include all the genes to make a hiveling, and then add a random gene instead of randomizing it from the ground up
I think it would be cool if there was an option set a specific xenotype for all colonists.
customise random meme count range please?
config option to limit fluid ideologies to a single meme, instead of 3
So in the options under the Misc Tab under Ideology there is an option to load a saved ideoligon. I added saved ideoligon but my pawns get a random religion anyways. It it supposed to give your starting pawns that religion or is it just supposed to add it to the game or what? I'm not sure how it's supposed to work so I can't tell if it's working or not.


Can you add posibility to disable randomization of reputation or rep range for selected factions?
Got this hillarios start with VFE empire
Empire is hostile
https://postimg.cc/YGpSfWRL




Will there be support for Biomes! mods for world settings and ReGrowth mod for the world settings as well? Also there seems to be no world settings for the Infestations from the new VFE insectoids 2

Question on starting items, I set a wealth limit to the starting items, but that wealth is never maintained due to the random scenario adding a bunch of scattered items around the map.. Is there any way around this? Or could you incorporate the limit to include scattered items/make a separate option based on scattered item wealth?
